Add folder share via link (#141)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab-plugin-playground: README.md

- You can load a plugin with a given `id` more than once during iteration. Plugin Playground attempts to deactivate and deregister the previous version before registering the new one. Defining `deactivate()` in your plugin is still recommended for predictable cleanup between reloads.
- To load code from an external package, RequireJS is used (hidden behind ES module-compatible import syntax), so import statements may need explicit version or file paths.
  - In addition to JupyterLab and Lumino packages, only AMD modules can be imported; ES modules and modules compiled for Webpack/Node are not supported directly and can fail with `Uncaught SyntaxError: Unexpected token 'export'`.

> - While the playground can import relative files (`.ts`), load SVG as strings, and load `plugin.json` schema for rapid prototyping, these capabilities are still evolving; other resources such as CSS files are not currently supported.

Reviewer: It looks like this bit was removed during the merge?

```suggestion
- While the playground can import relative files (`.ts`), load SVG as strings, and load `plugin.json` schema for rapid prototyping, these capabilities are still evolving.
```

- You can load a plugin with a given `id` more than once during iteration. Plugin Playground attempts to deactivate and deregister the previous version before registering the new one. Defining `deactivate()` in your plugin is still recommended for predictable cleanup between reloads.
- To load code from an external package, RequireJS is used (hidden behind ES module-compatible import syntax), so import statements may need explicit version or file paths.
  - In addition to JupyterLab and Lumino packages, only AMD modules can be imported; ES modules and modules compiled for Webpack/Node are not supported directly and can fail with `Uncaught SyntaxError: Unexpected token 'export'`.

> - While the playground can import relative files (`.ts`), load SVG as strings, and load `plugin.json` schema for rapid prototyping, these capabilities are still evolving.

Reviewer: Can it not load tsx, js and css?

});

await app.commands.execute('plugin-playground:share-via-link', {
  path: 'my-extension'
});
```

`plugin-playground:share-via-link` shares a file or folder. If no `path` is
provided, it shares the active file. The file/folder right-click context-menu
entries use the selected browser item path automatically.
In the editor toolbar, the Share action is a dropdown with `Share Single File

> (Default)` and `Share Package`; package sharing is enabled when a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the editor toolbar, the Share action is a dropdown with `Share Single File`
and `Share Package`; package sharing is enabled when a
```
